---
layout: post
title: "COVID-19"
subtitle: "Stay Safe and Healthy"
date: 2020-03-20 7:03:58 +0800
background: "/img/4wall.jpg"
categories: General
---

In _Decemeber 31st, 2019_ I thought 2020 is going to be a good start.

**Number ONE:** It's a new decade. **2020** means new goals, new commitment and most importantly, new ME. It's a year where I want to improve myself _exponentially_.

**Number TWO:** I turned 16. 🎂🎉

**Number THREE:** I have a list of projects I want to achieve and build this year. (You can find them on my _Project Page_)

# Covid-19 in Hong Kong

As I am currently living in Hong Kong. Since the spread of COVID-19 near the end of January, more than 100 countries are infected. This made all the schools closed and holiday extension. I am not complaninig about the extra few days of holidays, but not able to go outside freely sucks.

Many schools including mine has started online school with tools like zoom, google hangout just to name a few. At first, I felt overwhelmed of all the homework and assignment piling up. Especially my exam in May is coming soon, teachers gave us extra work to catchup. It was very tiring and made me feel **SchoolSick**. (I know it may sound weird)

# Staying at Home

Due to the outbreak, we had to stay at home. Usually on Saturdays and Sundays I go to church and join some extra activies to fill up my time. But now all of them are cancelled 😢.

## Tips to be LESS BORED

Below are some methods I tried over the _stay-at-home_ period.

### 1. Find a project to do

I decided to start a project to fill in the time. I am currently making an app, (if you are interested check out the next blog.) It doesn't have to be a big project, it could be something small e.g. finish this Netflix show, bake something, draw...

### Netflix shows (Here are some shows my friends recommended to me)

1. Itaewon class (Korean Drama)
2. The Dictator
3. Money Heist (Season 1 & 2 & 3) ❤️ _all-time favorite_
4. You (Both Season 1 & 2)

### 2. Call your friends

Every Saturday evening, I hangout with my friends in church with _zoom or skype_ just to check in with each other. It is a great way to relax and just socialize.

Remember to wear a mask when you are going outside. It is very important especially these days, as the corona virus is deadly 🦠.

### Many thanks to all the Doctors, Nurses, and people who are working to solve this problem. Thank you, and wish you guys the best.

# END

Today's blog gave you some tips and tricks on how to be less bored, and how deadly Covid-19 is. Stay Safe. If you have any further question or netflix shows you want to recommend me, you can always email me at <melanie@melaniehsieh.com> or find me on [Github](https://github.com/melaniehsieh) or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/melaniehsieh).

Thanks for reading 👀
