---
layout: post
title: "2020 internship at Evident"
date: 2020-08-07 13:43:43 +0800
tags: general
comments: true
---

> I don't like writing, I would much rather spend the time building...

As part of the technology community, open-source is one of the key concept. In simpler terms, open-source means sharing knowledge with others for free. So here I am, open-sourcing my experience as an intern at Evident 2020.

This summer, I joined Evident working as a summer intern. I'm extremely grateful for this learning opportunity where I get to work with talented people, Hemant, Anh and Florian. Getting a deeper understanding on both the engineering and business side but also participating and getting a deeper insight on running a Fintech startup.

# Engineering:

> Engineering = Execution = Output

In the past 6 weeks, I created, developed and built a digital PDF contract viewer. This allowed users to view PDF contracts on the Evident website easily with a click of a button. In addition, it also included a signature component where users can sign and append the signature to the PDF document.

It was really challenging at first, as I need to learn a new programming language, Vue, understand the flow of the digital contract, and create this digital contract component from scratch. Although it was difficult, I find communicating with my team really useful in terms of getting everyone on the same page and helping each other out when we faced issues or bugs. Which reduced a lot of friction when deploying the component.

# Business:

> Business = Planning = Researching

Working on the Business side was completely different comparing it to the Engineering side. In Engineering everything was about the result, the execution and the output. On the other hand, business focuses more on the process, researching and planning. Although they follow different paths, they are heading toward the same destination -- developing the company.

I explored many leading finance technology such as blockchain, wealth container and LPF. Taking it deeper dive at the current finance and technology world.

Overall, I really enjoyed working and being part of the Evident team, and special thanks to the COO of this company, Florian for sharing some of his personal experiences when it comes to starting and building a successful startup.

I had a wonderful time and gained a lot from this summer internship. I will definitely aim to build a tech startup that brings value to the world.

Please subscibe to my monthly blog to get the latest updates.

Thanks for reading 👀. There will be a monthly blog every month on the first week of Friday, Stay Tuned.😉
